Mrs. Chen, this is the mall.
It's not that your Chen family can use it at will
The place of punishment
Shen Shenshao
It was this woman who offended me first
You are talking nonsense. You obviously bullied me first.
My mother stood up to protect me
You bad guy
My mom wouldn't bully people first
Both kids said that
Kids don't lie.
Of course these two little bitches are going to his mother
senior
Good, Mr. Shen
It turns out that you only helped because you knew this bitch
Our Chen family
With you, the Shen family is flat in Jiangcheng
sit up flat
It's not that easy for you to protect this bitch
What if
I withdraw from your Chen family
What about the 100 million order?
Shen Shao
You better figure it out for this bitch
You want to cancel 100 million order
In this river city
You can't find a second one.
Take such a large order of medical care
Equipment company
Who am I looking for?
Don't bother Mrs. Lawson
I will let anyone earn this money, and I will not let the Chen family earn you.
Senior, I don't want to invite you
When I was at school
You've helped me enough.
You had an accident 5 years ago
I'm still abroad and I can't help you.
Five years later.
I don't want to regret it anymore.
Shen Shao
This bitch has given birth to two children
You don't want to be a pick-up man, do you?
Who dares to play catch ball?